Added FAQ entry regarding Wayland support and link to contact page (#87)
Photon89/shutter-jekyll-site: faq-help.md

  Another reason that comes to my mind is that there are already a lot screenshot taking applications for windows (freeware and professional software). I am unsure if the huge amount of work would be worth it. The fact that there was no dedicated screenshot application for Linux was one of the main reasons for starting Shutter and I am still convinced that it is useful for a lot of people who need some more features than offered by standard tools.  
Nevertheless, this is an open-source project and anyone could start a port of Shutter at any time…to any platforms possible. I am always willing to assist where I can.
4. **Are there any plans to add Wayland support in Shutter?**

>    Shutter is mostly in maintanence mode since its original developer's withdrawal and the GTK3 port several years later. The current dev team gives its best to keep Shutter afloat and fix the most pressing issues. However, Wayland support is a very big task and there are several technical difficulties that need to be overcome. Though we understand that this is a major issue for Wayland users, we are currently unable to solve the technical problems and add full Wayland support to Shutter. For the moment Shutter supports only full screen capture in Wayland. Additional features like the editor, image uploading, plugins etc. are available as well. You can find the discussion regarding Wayland support [here](https://github.com/shutter-project/shutter/issues/187).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Shutter is mostly in maintanence mode since its original developer's withdrawal and the GTK3 port several years later. The current dev team gives its best to keep Shutter afloat and fix the most pressing issues. However, Wayland support is a very big task and there are several technical difficulties that need to be overcome. Though we understand that this is a major issue for Wayland users, we are currently unable to solve the technical problems and add full Wayland support to Shutter. For the moment Shutter supports only the capture via XDG Portal in Wayland (most commonly, it is fullscreen, but depends on the portal). Additional features like the editor, image uploading, plugins etc. are available as well. You can find the discussion regarding Wayland support [here](https://github.com/shutter-project/shutter/issues/187).
```
